feat: add installation instructions for m1 macs (#578)
streamr-dev/network: install-on-m1.md

> #  Starting network-monorepo development from scratch on M1 Macs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  Starting network-monorepo development from scratch on an M1 Mac
```

Singular probably better?

These instructions were tested on 

```
macOS Monterey Version 12.3
Apple M1 Max
nodejs v16.14.2
npm 8.5.0
```

## Introduction

> The current (April 19th 2022) main branch of streamr-network-monorepo  does not install out-of-the-box on M1 macs using `npm ci`, but rather requires deleting the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current (April 19th 2022) main branch of streamr-network-monorepo does not install out-of-the-box on an M1 Mac using `npm ci`, but rather requires deleting the 
```

> `package-lock.json` file, and installing from scratch using `npm install`. 

Reviewer: Hm, we should probably just update the `package-lock` so the same one works for everyone.

Author: I agree agree

Running `npm install` also requires a couple of preparations, because 

> * Python 2 is not avaialable by default on macOS 12.3 (which prevents the package weak-napi from compiling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python 2 is not available by default on macOS 12.3 (which prevents the package weak-napi from compiling)
```

* Package node-datachannel does not come with pre-compiled M1 binaries, and gets recompiled

## Installation

* Install Homebrew with XCode command line tools: https://mac.install.guide/commandlinetools/3.html
* Install python 2.7:
```
brew install pyenv
pyenv install 2.7.18
cat 2.7.18 > ~/.pyenv/version
```

Make sure that the python installation works:
```
% python --version
Python 2.7.18
```

* Install the prerequsites for compiling node-datachannel:
```
brew install openssl
brew install cmake
export OPENSSL_ROOT_DIR=/opt/homebrew/Cellar/openssl@1.1/1.1.1n/  
export OPENSSL_INCLUDE_DIR=/opt/homebrew/Cellar/openssl@1.1/1.1.1n/include
```

> * Install networ-monorepo from scratch: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install network-monorepo from scratch: 
```
